excellent cost-benefit to the consumer
this is the expression that defines the new
palladium fire line 2014 in addition to bringing
news it arrives as the most
cheap in production brazil
the external design of the new palladium fire 2014
gained a new front grille next to the
front bumper in vehicle color
and a new painting on the biparabolic lights
internally or the consumer also
it will feel quite different the interior
is practically all renovated with the
new instrument panel with
economic the new steering wheel new banks
fabric panels of doors and new console
with integrated coaster
radio also the novelty now brings
USB port
Another advantage of the new palladium fire 2014
your list of standard equipment that
Dual airbags includes dual abs brakes with
ebd digital level indicator
external rear-view mirrors with the
for internal shocks in the color of the
vehicle digital clock reading light
front and heated glass between
other items
for those who like to leave the car yet
more equipped
fiat is offering more optional
sought for a reduced price the air
conditioning is 28% more
affordable fuel economy
is also featured in the new fire pallium
the vehicle ranked in
Brazilian labeling program
of inmetro which means a
of the best in consumption in the country renewed
even more economical and cost effective
advantage even more advantageous for the
consumer
palladium fire 2014 is now available in
branded dealerships